Hey, good morning family. I'm excited to be with y'all again today.
I'm going to do another 'Prayer With Me'video. I did one yesterday, and I'm going to do one today.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, I am mandating you to start doing these prayer videos more often.
I need you to do these prayer videos.'And so, I'm just going to be obedient.
I'm sorry I haven't done more of them, and I'm going to do a lot more of them.
I just want to encourage everybody today to jump in the river.
You know, 'he that prayeth in an unknown tongue prayeth forth mysteries.'I believe with all my heart when you pray in the Spirit, you're praying a perfect prayer.
It's coming right out of your spirit from the Holy Spirit and it's going right into the throne room.
It's a coded message; in the way I believe, it's a coded message that only the Lord knows, unless He wants you to interpret it. It's not where the devil can hear.
A lot of times you can be going through some trials and tribulations in your own life and you're always saying, 'Well, God, I need You to do this, I need You to do that, and I have this going on.'It's like a perfect bullseye prayer.
When you're aiming at a target, you can either hit the side of it or you can hit right on the red dot every single time.
I believe when you pray in the Spirit and you pray in tongues, you're hitting the bullseye every single time, praying forth mysteries and praying the heart of God. I really believe that.
When you're praying deep prayers, you go into the rivers with the Holy Spirit and He will take you into some deep groanings sometimes, and the birthing of things you're believing for with intercessory prayer.
It's like I've heard Sister Lynne Hammond talking about the doors—like going through the doors.
It is exactly like that: going through the spiritual doors and opening those doors spiritually, getting our breakthrough, and getting the manifestation of what you're believing for—finances, healing, your marriage restored, your children born again and delivered from drugs.
Whatever it may be, it's opening those doors in the spirit realm.
People were asking me—I thought it was interesting because when you were raised like I was, and you've been praying in the Spirit since you were just a kid, a lot of people think the Christianese, the Holy Ghost, and the charismatic lingo—you know, everybody talks certain things, talking about walking and binding the devil and doing all these things.
They don't understand all that. There's a lot of new faces, a lot of new Christians and new believers who are not being taught at church at all about the baptism of the Holy Spirit, how to walk in your authority, or how to take dominion and do all those things like binding and loosing.
I just take it for granted because this is the way I was raised; this is what we do.
If you're new to the Christian lifestyle, when you walk through the door of the church and you've never been taught, how do you know? So, I thought I would start out reading Ephesians.
Read Ephesians over and over about your armor, putting on the armor, standing, and being seated with Him in the heavenlies far above all principalities.
It will really bless you. I really believe that's where you could start with spiritual warfare: reading the book of Ephesians, Hebrews, and Galatians. Meditate on that word over and over again.
Like it says in Ephesians, 'let the eyes of my understanding be enlightened that I may know the hope of your calling and the glorious riches of your inheritance.'Pray for the eyes of your understanding concerning the Holy Spirit, concerning Acts Chapter 2, and who we are in Christ.
Pray for your eyes to be flooded with light so that you may know who you are in Christ.
I would encourage you to also find old teachings from Brother Kenneth E. Hagin from Tulsa.
He went home to be with the Lord in 2003—over 20 years ago—but he has amazing teachings on the authority of the believer on YouTube that will change your life.
Listen to those teachings and meditate on them; just get that inside of you.
Then, I have things about the blood from Sister Billy Brim about the blood covenant.
I have teachings on my preaching channel, Word of Faith. There's the 'Blood'from Billy Brim.
Go through each one of these 'Pray with Me'videos and listen to these prayer teachings from Lynne Hammond and Lucy and meditate on what they're saying.
Just get it down inside of you because it will change your life forever. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
It doesn't come by hearing it once; it comes by hearing it over and over again.
That's how you get there. It's not just a one-time feeling. You have to be filled with the Holy Ghost because we leak.
We have issues in our lives that cause us to leak out all that freshness—that fresh wine, that fresh Holy Ghost water flowing in us because of the pressures of life.
When you touch a sponge, it leaks, but you have to fill it back up with water.
This is what we're here today to do. Jump in the river with me and pray. I want to tell you, it's not all doom and gloom.
I was asking the Lord tonight while I was doing my exercises, 'Lord, I know what You've said is coming.
I know the things You've warned me about regarding the economic stuff.'When I told you all about the water and what He said, this is something that you can stop.
Well, that right there gives me hope. We can stop the poisoning of the water; we can stop mass shootings.
He said to go around and plead the blood of Jesus. Apply the blood.
Anoint your kids with oil like I told you yesterday. Believe God for that divine protection.
I told you all in a video about this time last year that we will have to have Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 deep down inside of our hearts for what's coming.
You have to have a revelation of it, not just reading it once or twice a week.
I'm talking about meditating on Psalm 91, muttering it, saying it out of your mouth, and getting a revelation because you will not make it in the days ahead if you do not have a spiritual foundation of the word of God inside of you.
You have to make the word of God a priority in your life beyond anything else. Nothing else matters other than the word of God.
I'm not talking about just playing the Bible and letting it play through without meditating on it.
Pick it apart like you would a really good piece of chicken—picking it off the bone.
Think about it, ponder it, and keep reading it. The word of God will change you.
It should be a priority in your life, especially for what's coming. There's new revelation every morning; it never grows old.
One passage of scripture will give you something totally different the next couple of days because it's ever-growing.
Whenever I went to the throne room of God and stood before Him in the fear of the Lord, when He spoke, His words did not die.
They became a seed right in front of me and began to grow like roots, creating a massive vine system that did not die.
His words began to cultivate. If you haven't seen that video, it's a visitation in the throne room in my archives.
It is absolutely amazing and will change your life. People say, 'Is America done?'I'm telling you, there's a shaking coming, but America is not done.
No one knows the day or the hour of the Rapture or the end of all things.
I believe we could have years or months; I just occupy until He comes. I focus on what He's told me to do.
If I go by the graveside at an old age—because He said, 'With long life I will satisfy you and show you my salvation'—I believe He'll perform that.
I'll do my part to take care of my body, exercise, and eat right, and He will sustain me because He has a plan for my life.
Let's try our best to live long and finish strong to do what He's called us to do.
Be encouraged today, but at the same time, there's a storm coming.
It's a 'shaken to awaken.'It's going to be financial and many other things, but I've already told you what I saw about the beginning of this year regarding the elections going into 2025.
2025 looked very dark, and I've warned you about the financial chaos.
I also saw Canada, Mexico, and the United States creating a new currency—a new dollar system between the three nations—a united front to salvage what we could because of what the BRICS was doing.
It wasn't as strong as before, but there was still hope. We pray for hope. People ask, 'Do you ever have a good word?'Yes!
I've told you about the outpouring that's coming—a great grace explosion, a last final push for a great harvest of souls.
It will happen like a mighty wave with creative miracles. But there's going to be a wake-up before there's a major revival.
It'll be uncomfortable for some, but if you're part of the remnant and you're awake already, you're like the people praying on this.
The Lord said, 'Don't pay attention to numbers. Do what I called you to do.
Teach my people to pray.'There's blessing in obedience. I guess that's all I have right now.
There's an amazing outpouring of the spirit of the Lord and it's not all doom and gloom.
Very sobering days are ahead, but what do you do with sobering days?
The Lord asked me, 'What's the opposite of being sober?'I said, 'Being drunk.'He said, 'Be being filled with My spirit with laughter.'If you want to make it in the days ahead, you're going to have to learn how to laugh—not just obnoxious laughing, but being filled with joy in your heart so that you don't let the drama of what we might see get on the inside of you.
You have to keep showing joy because that's what people are going to be drawn to.
When all heck is breaking loose, they will need someone with stability. Let Jesus shine out of you so that people see Him.
The world's going to need it, and the only way we're going to do it is if you're being filled in your personal walk, getting the word, and praying.
God bless you all. Let's start this prayer. Holy Spirit, we invite You into this prayer time.
Have Your way. We thank You, Lord, that we are changed and going from glory to glory today.
Every pore and fiber of our being shines Jesus today. Help me, Father, to be more like Jesus today.
Help me to say only what You want me to say. I am yielded, filled with, and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We need a fresh drink today, Lord. We're thirsty, Jesus. won't You come and fill me?
Those earthly things have left me dry; only You can satisfy.
All I want is more of You. Now Lord, we just yield ourselves over to You today.
You are the Potter, we are the clay; mold me and make me today.
We enter boldly today into Your throne. Hey Dad, I'm here today; what's on Your heart?
I don't come in as a bastard, Lord; I come in as Your son. I'm Yours, Father, and we come in boldly into that throne.
We're yielded vessels to help with the warring in the spirit realm.
Father, I thank You that we are yielded to You. We petition You for the things that we need.
You supply all our needs according to Your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
Father, for the angels of the Lord, we send our angels out right now in the name of Jesus—from the north, south, east, and west.
We call the angels to go right now in Jesus'name, bearing us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
Get your hands off our stuff now in Jesus'name! Get your hands off our bodies now!
We call for a breakthrough right now in the name of Jesus concerning our things and what we need.
Out of our bellies shall flow rivers of living water. We call for the stirring of the water.
We are unashamed of the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. We thank You, Lord, that we're not ashamed of the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
We flow with You. We call for a breakthrough in the health industries and in our bodies.
We call for healing, wholeness, and wellness right now from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
By His stripes, we are healed. We thank You, Lord, that we don't have to be sick or broke.
We have authority over the devil and tell him to get under our feet.
We call ourselves healed, delivered, and well. Father, I thank You for supernatural financial breakthrough.
We're not barely getting by; we have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and those around us who need a helping hand.
We're not under the curse of poverty; poverty is a curse. We call those things that be not as though they were.
We thank You for creative ideas to get wealth—supernatural ideas.
We will be the head and not the tail. There's a supernatural turnaround right now in the name of Jesus.
We call forth marriages to be restored right now. Where they say there is no hope, You are the hope.
We bind the devil off of marriages. We pray over the children; there is no rebellion in them.
Father, You said in Your word to spare the rod and spoil the child—that there would be leadership to train a child up in the way they should go.
We thank You for bringing the children home. There's a move of God in the youth—a supernatural outpouring of Your Spirit upon the young children.
We thank You for visitations and manifestations of Your glory even on the youth. Somebody's being healed of cancer right now.
I see an elderly person; I call in full manifestation of Your healing power over them.
We pray over thyroids. I command Hashimoto's to be gone right now.
Any nodules, we curse the nodules and command them to go. I call for hormones to be completely healed and whole.
I speak to ears to open. I call the hair fibers inside of the ear healed and whole from tinnitus.
No more ringing in the ears, no more deaf ears. Even in the retinas, I call the eyes to be healed.
New irises, new nerve endings. I call those detached eyes healed from demonic attack or accidents.
The Lord just showed me backs—I call backs healed from all the vertebrae and discs.
I call for restoration over those backs, all the way to the tailbone.
Dislocated ribs, we call them healed and whole. Over legs, hips, and knees—we call the joints to be whole.
I see brain issues—actually, a stroke. We call strokes healed in Jesus'name.
Paralyzed faces, we call them healed. Blood clots, healed.
We thank You, Lord, that You're the restorer of memory and the pathways of the blood through the brain.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. I want to see You high and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing, 'Holy, holy, holy.'I want to see You.
You inhabit the praises of Your people. When praises go up, blessings come down.
We exalt Thee, oh Lord. You are high above all the earth. We magnify, glorify, and adore You.
The glory is here. Oh Lord, You're beautiful; Your face is all I see.
And when Your eyes are on this child, Your grace abounds to me.
Jesus, what a wonder You are. You're the sweetest name of all.
You always hear me when I call. You lift me up each time I fall.
Your name is like honey on my lips, Your spirit's like water to my soul, Your word is a lamp unto my feet.
Jesus, I love You. My daughter Megan feels the presence of the Lord.
She overcomes special needs, but when the presence of the Lord comes in, she gets giggly.
This was a refreshing for those watching. If you're dry, just drink. Bread of Heaven, feed us until we want no more.
This is where the seeing comes—when you enter in like this, He starts showing you things.
I've had eight visitations from Jesus face to face, and it comes out of this intimacy.
It doesn't come out of begging; it comes out of relationship and worship.
Build an intimacy with the Father. I'm nothing special; I'm just a servant who has been sent to help you.
I say 'filled with what?'—His glory. I hope this video blessed you today.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart because Jesus loves you.
Great days are ahead for the remnant. God bless you. Shalom, shalom.